after two long years mine hunter is
finally returning to Netflix with its
second season it's been a while so if
you need a refresher we've got you
covered here's everything you need to
know about mine hunter season 1 to be
prepared for season 2 mind hunter season
1 takes place in 1977 in a time where
criminal psychology was in its infancy
FBI Special Agent Holden Ford becomes
captivated with the human mind and is
curious about how the criminal mind
ticks he teams up with fellow agent
built in ch and psychology professor
Wendy Carr to originate the FBI's
behavioral science unit throughout
season one the team conducts interviews
with imprisoned murderers even coining
the serial killer term in the hopes that
their findings on criminal thinking will
lead to breakthroughs in future cases
real-life serial killers that give
fictionalized interviews in season 1
include Richard Speck Jerry brudos
monney Russell and most notably Ed
Kemper kippur is the most pivotal and
influential killer that the team and in
particular Holden interview for their
study the curious and obsessive
interplay between holdman Kemper is a
pivotal cornerstone for the series and
Kimber's musings are the most
influential in solving active cases
using key indicators like a rough
upbringing and an over willingness to
talk to the police
Holden and tench are able to solve
crimes but it doesn't mean that justice
is always served they're working against
a justice system that isn't changing as
quickly to the times as they are and
begin to feel frustrated by the lack of
overall progress as the season and
research progress Holden grows more and
more confident in his work although it
begins to border on obsessive and
detrimental he discusses sensitive
topics with little thought and speaks to
the worst criminals and ways that alarm
those with outside perspectives bill
tries to rein Holden in but it may be
too little too late the unit is put
under investigation by internal affairs
when they try to cover up the vulgar
language Holden uses to get serial
killer Richard Speck to open up when
being questioned by Internal Affairs
agents holdin his borderline
antagonistic the research and its
finding
no matter how well-meaning the
intentions were beginning to get to
Holden's head
he begins sabotaging his own personal
relationships causing his girlfriend
Debbie to break up with him an act that
barely phases him this all culminates in
a gang busters finale were EDM /
attempts to commit suicide and lists
Holden as his emergency contact Holden
goes to visit with Kemper but the entire
power dynamic between the two men has
shifted Kemper is freer to roam in his
hospital room that he was in an
interrogation room and it's only now
that Holden begins to realize just how
dangerous this man really is Kippur is
not just cold data in a research case he
was a cold-blooded killer it doesn't hit
until now that the entire time Holden
had been interviewing Kemper he was
staring into the eyes of pure evil
Holden leaves kippers room but collapses
onto the ground and has a full-blown
panic attack and that is where we leave
things in season one oh and throughout
season one were quick and short teases
of someone who is revealed to be the BTK
killer season 2 is said to focus mainly
on the Atlanta murders from 1979 to 1981
and the BTK killer wasn't caught until
2005 so there's no telling how much
these teases might factor into the
season 2 plot what did you think of
season 1 what were your favorite moments
what are you looking forward to seeing
in season 2 let me know in the comments
below like this video subscribe for more
and I'll see you in the next one